OpenIddict.Pro Module documentation (#241)
abpio/abp-commercial-docs: en/modules/openiddict.md

# OpenIddict Module

> This module provides integration and management functionality for Identity Server;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides integration and management functionality for the OpenIddict library;
```

Also, give link for who doesn't know it.

Author: The next line has the link, shall we add link anyway?

https://github.com/abpio/abp-commercial-docs/blob/c211203d84f67da96907debc4bc117df7285064a/en/modules/openiddict.md?plain=1#L5

* Built on the [OpenIddict-core](https://github.com/openiddict/openiddict-core) library.

> * Manage **Application** and **API resources** in the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage **Application** and **Scopes** in the system. 
```

* Set **permissions** for clients.

> * Manage **API resources**

Reviewer: Not managing API resources as I know. Also, it is duplicated (second item also says it)

> See [the module description page](https://commercial.abp.io/modules/Volo.openiddict.Ui) for an overview of the module features.

Reviewer: Link should be https://commercial.abp.io/modules/Volo.OpenIddict

## How to Install

> OpenIddict is pre-installed in [the startup templates](../Startup-Templates/Index) from version 6.0.0-rc1. So, no need to manually install it.

Reviewer: Give the migration link to users who were using a previous version.

Author: https://github.com/abpio/abp-commercial-docs/blob/c211203d84f67da96907debc4bc117df7285064a/en/modules/openiddict.md?plain=1#L13

## Packages

This module follows the [module development best practices guide](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/Best-Practices/Index) and consists of several NuGet and NPM packages. See the guide if you want to understand the packages and relations between them.

> You can visit [Identity module package list page](https://abp.io/packages?moduleName=Volo.Identity.Pro) to see list of packages related with this module.

Reviewer: Text and link are wrong. This is not Identity module.

Author: I thought about the link between Identity module.
IdentityServer docs has the same info: 
https://github.com/abpio/abp-commercial-docs/blob/4ce1975088eefe3ebfc9d8d7efaf3d8b3e6c7b35/en/modules/identity-server.md?plain=1#L22

## User Interface

### Menu Items

> Identity Server module adds the following items to the "Main" menu, under the "Administration" menu item:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenIddict module adds the following items to the "Main" menu, under the "Administration" menu item:
```

* **Applications**: Application management page.

> * **Scopes**: API resource management page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Scopes**: Scope management page.
```
